(1) 	a. ER diagram attached
	b. Text annotations of assumptions, constraints, etc
    Assumptions:
	If private room, there will be 0 or 1 patients with bed A
        If semi-private room, there will be 0, 1, or 2 patients with beds A,B
	Rates are rounded up to the whole hour
	Patient may or may not have insurance

    Constraints:
	Room Visit 3+ times per day
	Attendant Care 0+ nurse(s), 0+ staff
	Dr. Consultation 1+ Doctor(s), 1 time per day

	Each patient has 1 bed
	Each patient has primary doctor
	Each treatment administered by 1+ Doc, Nurse, Tech, or Staff

        100 beds
	20 private rooms
	40 semi-private rooms with 2 beds each


 (2)  a.	
Patients(id, name, street_address, admit_date, discharge_date, zip, state, city, insurance, insurance_policy, room_id)
      	Physicians(id,name, phone, office)
	Procedures(id, name, time, physician_id, patient_id, treatment_id)
	Rooms(id, number, bed, privacy)
	Treatments(id, category, cost)

b.
    Patients:
	are assigned an ID number type int
	has a name of type string
	has an address split in four values
		has a street name of type string
		has a zip of type int
		has a state of type string
		has a city of type string
	has two patient date values
		has a discharge date of type date for the date the patient leaves the hospital 
		has an admit of type date for the date the patient arrives at the hospital 
	has an insurance information split into two values
		has an insurance of type string for the name of the insurance company
		has an insurance policy of type int for the patients policy number
    Physicians:
	are assigned an ID number type int
	has a name type string
	has an Office number type int
	has a phone number type string
    Procedure:
	are assigned an ID type int
	has a name of type string
	has a time for the total time the procedure took as type int
	has a physician id as type int that is connected to the physicians object
	has a patient id type int that is connected to the patient object
	has a treatment id type int that is connected to the treatment object
    Treatment:
	are assigned an ID number type int
	has a type of type string for the treatment performed
	has a cost of type int for the cost of the procedure preformed
    Room:
	are assigned an ID number type int
	has a bed type string for either bed 'A' or bed 'B'
	has a number of type int for the physical room number
	has a privacy status as type string for weather the room is private or shared
    Connections:
	There is a one to one relationship for rooms and patients stating that no matter the room privacy status each room.id correlates to exactly one patient
	There is a one to many relationship for patient and procedure where a patient can have many different procedure.id but each procedure can only have on patient.id
	There is a many to many relationship for physicians and procedure. A procedure can have many physicians and a physician can preform many procedures
	There is a one to many relationship for treatments and procedure. A procedure can have many treatments but a treatment can only belong to one procedure.id 
 c.
	Patients: {id-> name, street_address, admit_date, discharge_date, zip, state, city, insurance, insurance_policy; zip->city, state} Since zip determines the city and state, it would be better if we added another table containing only zip, city, and state.	Physicians:{id->name, phone, office} The physician id determines the name, phone, and office number. 	Procedure:{id->name, category, cost, time, physician_id, patient_id; category,time->cost} Initially we had one table for storing name, category, cost, time, physician_id, and patient_id. We decided that since category and time determine cost, we should add the table Treatment(id, cost, type) where {id->cost, type} the id determines the cost and type of treatment. When we added the Treatment table, we added the treatmentID attribute to Procedure.	Rooms: {id->number, bed, privacy, patient_id} 


 d.
    Assumptions:
	If their is a discharge date then a bill will have already been generated
	If their is an admit date then a patient is assigned a room
	If a patient is assigned a room.bed B then the room is semi private
	Each treatment ID has a corresponding dollar value amount
	
    Constraints:
	Every patient, treatment, and physician id in procedure must exist in patient, physician, and treatment tables.
	Every patient id in rooms must exist in patient table
	When a patient is issued a room the room is no longer to be assigned to any other patient
	There can be no new treatments add to the treatment table
	There can be no new rooms added to the rooms table
	If the room is private then the rooms.bed must equal A

	
	

	